male narrator: This is Earth.
Maybe you've heard of it.
I sure hope so
because you live on one of
its seven continents.
This one's most known
for its desert landscapes
and unique animals.
Australia is the smallest
of the seven continents,
and it's entirely surrounded
by water.
It's also the only country
in the world
that covers
an entire continent.
(dramatic music)
At almost
3 million square miles,
Australia is located
below Asia
in the Southern Hemisphere
That's how it got
its nickname,
the "land down under."
Life down under
is very unusual.
It can go from
scorching dry temperatures
to very subtropical.
In the Southern Hemisphere,
stars and constellations
appear upside down
and reversed
compared
to the Northern Hemisphere.
This is because
the Earth turn on its axis
from the North
to the South Pole.
Even the seasons
are in reverse.
So get out your winter parkas
in the summer
and surf boards
during the holidays.
(upbeat music)
And you'll definitely
need sunscreen
if you visit one
of Australia's many deserts.
Like the Great Victoria
Desert,
the largest desert
in the continent.
Australia's warm,
sunny climate
and giant open spaces
make for great
outdoor adventures.
♪ ♪
Ready to camp out
underneath the stars
in the Australian Outback?
On clear nights, you can see
almost 3,000 stars.
Wanna take a dip in the ocean?
There are
over 1,500 species of fish
that live
in the Great Barrier Reef
located in the Pacific Ocean.
The largest coral reef
in the world.
Another natural wonder
can be found
in the heart of the continent,
Uluru,
a sacred rock formation
that stands 1,100 feet tall.
♪ ♪
And, of course,
there are some incredible
animals in Australia
Like kangaroos and emus
that live on the coast.
And the cute marsupials
like koalas and wombats.
And unique animals like
the platypus and camels.
♪ ♪
Australia has almost 1,000
different reptile species,
including some of
the most dangerous snakes.
Even though
many of the world's
deadliest species live here,
Australia is home
to over 24 million people.
The continent's first people,
the Aborigines,
arrived in Australia
about 50,000 years ago.
Australia is one of
the most ethnically
and geographically
diverse nations in the world.
What an incredible place.
A beautiful island.
I mean country.
Wait.
Continent.
Well, you know what I mean.
All of the above.
Australia.
Captioned by Captionmax